Document changes (#70)
salesforce-ux/stylelint-sds: README.md

#### **Minimum Required Node.js Version**  
- The minimum supported Node.js version is **v20.18.3**.  
- We recommend using the latest **Active LTS** release for the best performance and compatibility.  
- The tool verifies the Node.js version at the beginning of the process. If the Node.js requirements are met, the subsequent steps will proceed smoothly.

#### Extensions

> To enhance your linting and error analysis experience, consider installing the following VSCode extensions:

Author: Do we want to include other editors extensions?

Reviewer: This list seems good.

1. Run `npx @salesforce-ux/slds-linter lint` to see the lint output on terminal. For specific files, you can go ahead with either `npx @salesforce-ux/slds-linter lint:styles` for lint errors within css files or `npx @salesforce-ux/slds-linter lint:components` for lint errors within html/cmp files. To run the linting only on a specific folder, use the option `-d` to specify the directory to be linted. 
2. The linting output displayed in the console includes the row and column numbers on the left. Navigate to the specific line of concern in the source code by clicking on these numbers (Command + Click on Mac).
3. To run SLDS Linter, in Terminal, run `npx @salesforce-ux/slds-linter report` to generate a Sarif report in the project root directory. To run it on a different directory, use `-d` to run the report on that directory. For output, `-o` can be used to specify a different output folder for the genreated sarif. It will be named as `slds-linter-report.sarif`.
4. Open the generated Sarif file.
5. Make a note of how many components SLDS Linter has identified that you must update.
6. Run `npx @salesforce-ux/slds-linter fix` to automatically fix validation errors in bulk.

> 7. Run `npx @salesforce-ux/slds-linter emit` to generate ESLint and Stylelint configuration files in the root directory. These configuration files are then utilized by the respective extensions to enable the display of squiggly lines over errors and warnings in the code, helping to easily identify and resolve issues. Please ensure ESLint and Stylelint extensions are enabled.

Author: ```suggestion
7. Run `npx @salesforce-ux/slds-linter emit` to emit the configuration files used by slds-linter cli, defaults to current working directory. These configuration files will be discovered by VSCode ESLint/Stylelint extensions to display squiggly lines in css/html files when opened in editor. Please ensure ESLint and Stylelint extensions are enabled.
```
